alright we're back finally I just fixed
fixed my wrist the resolution and like
the picture that I think all right
that's what you see when when you barely
like go down on the this menu like
that's what you see you're like pretty
much this is like a of 12 games maybe
like to install if I want to oh let's
just get to the game
hmm
ok
giggity 14
hope all this weight was really worth it
because man lake I think it is worth it
by like the weight only I love care left
but come on like I don't like waiting
just to get one damn game especially
when it's kof 12 come on it's the game
was epic but now
let's just get started this my god oh
you just play this game already
Oh
just creating a file well finally there
you go arcade versus practice replay I
think that's like when you play online
movies the same let's play when I was
playing blazblue gallery PlayStation
Store options okay it's just got to
practice to see the character see huh
select your character
kyo ash yo yo go Kim Andy I need to
start playing with Andy a little bit
more when tomorrow Shenmue Joey gosh II
who Athena go Athena she's my best chin
yeah he's a beast down yeah you don't
know what he can do there goes too long
kenzo here's Leona Ralph Jones that was
gotten buffer yours right in then they
replace don't they they replace they
replace Yuri for him like I don't know
why but like Oh screw it if there's
Clark he's buff to real love real
diamond you know I sort of god i really
i really like get nervous when I'm
fighting a diamond player especially
that good one good old terry bogard
there's a list of it and there's mature
basically those are like the 22
characters in the game for now they say
that there's 26 and then there's two
hidden characters like so I'll try to do
my best to unlock them like right not
like later on but my friends are going
to come over like to play to play kof 12
so like they're going to get the game
too but like right now they're after
they get the game from gamestop they're
going to just stop by my house like it's
actually like so like that's to get to
get some ass women going on like man
because two weeks from now we're holding
a tournament and like where when's that
I don't know what will win but like
hopefully it's money like at least 40
bucks or so and we'll get some for some
food so it's great but man all right
those are the characters other than the
game like but seriously you guys better
buy this game sure you mind if you're
not a fan of kof trust me this is gonna
this is like going to be the most
simplest fighting game ever like it's
gonna like trust me in this game isn't
it's not like the previous one because
jabbing is the key
like that's like street fighter tactics
but also like still you guys even though
you're not a que wife and buy it trust
me you won't be disappointed i played it
at arcade infinity and it's great and
now i'm going to be playing at my home
console but i'm still going to arcade
infinity anyways because i need to get
used two sticks on my neha i have to buy
like my own my own set of arcade sticks
because come on I got it come on i use a
ps3 controller or any any controller but
like still like I'd rather use sticks so
like well hope you enjoyed my video you
guys later